context_missing_bounds: ok
define_unknown_type: ok
font_duplicate_glyph: ok
font_duplicate_kerning_pair: ok
font_duplicate_metrics: ok
font_glyph_before_metrics: ok
font_long_glyph_name: ok
gradient_stop_position: ok
gradient_stops_odd_count: ok
invalid_arc_large: ok
invalid_arc_sweep: ok
invalid_color_name: ok
invalid_ellipse_separator: ok
invalid_fill_rule: ok
invalid_hex_color: ok
invalid_image_alignment: ok
invalid_line_arguments: ok
invalid_pen_caps: ok
invalid_star_separator: ok
invalid_stroke_joints: ok
ivg3_comma_gradient: ok
missing_format: ok
pattern_unknown_reference: ok
text_invalid_anchor: ok
text_missing_font: ok
unknown_feature: ok
unknown_path_instruction: ok
unrecognized_gradient_type: ok
unsupported_version: ok
